Split C++ (godot-cpp) and GDExtension system info into separate categories, children of Scripting. (#10631)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/scripting/godot_cpp/about_godot_cpp.rst

.. _doc_about_godot_cpp:

About godot-cpp
===============

`godot-cpp <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp>`__ are the official C++ GDExtension bindings, maintained
as part of the Godot project.

godot-cpp is built with the :ref:`GDExtension system <doc_gdextension>`, which allows access to Godot in almost the
same way as :ref:`modules <doc_custom_modules_in_cpp>`: A lot of `engine code <https://github.com/godotengine/godot>`__

> can be used in your godot-cpp project almost verbatim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be used in your godot-cpp project almost exactly as it is.
```

Author: But verbatim _sounds_ cool! 😄
(will change to what you suggested)

In particular, godot-cpp has access to all functions that :ref:`GDScript <doc_gdscript>` and :ref:`C# <doc_c_sharp>`
have, and additional access to a few more which are provided for fast low-level access of data.

Differences between godot-cpp and C++ modules
-----------------------------------------------

You can use both `godot-cpp <https://github.com/godotengine/godot-cpp>`__
and :ref:`C++ modules <doc_custom_modules_in_cpp>` to run C or C++ code in a Godot project.

They also both allow you to integrate third-party libraries into Godot. The one
you should choose depends on your needs.

.. warning::

    godot-cpp is currently *experimental*, which means that we may
    break compatibility in order to fix major bugs or include critical features.

Advantages of godot-cpp
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Unlike modules, godot-cpp (and GDExtension systems in general) don't require

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike modules, godot-cpp (and GDExtensions, in general) don't require
```

you to code game logic with full control regarding performance. It's ideal if
you need high-performance code you'd like to distribute as an add-on in the
:ref:`asset library <doc_what_is_assetlib>`.

Also:

- You can use the same compiled godot-cpp library in the editor and exported
  project. With C++ modules, you have to recompile all the export templates you
  plan to use if you require its functionality at runtime.
- godot-cpp only requires you to compile your library, not the whole engine.
  That's unlike C++ modules, which are statically compiled into the engine.
  Every time you change a module, you need to recompile the engine. Even with
  incremental builds, this process is slower than using godot-cpp.

Advantages of C++ modules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We recommend :ref:`C++ modules <doc_custom_modules_in_cpp>` in cases where
godot-cpp (or another GDExtension system) isn't enough:

- C++ modules provide deeper integration into the engine. GDExtension's access
  is not as deep as static modules.
- You can use C++ modules to provide additional features in a project without
  carrying native library files around. This extends to exported projects.

.. note::

>     If you notice that specific systems are not accessible via GDExtension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you notice that specific systems are not accessible via godot-cpp
```
